https://codepen.io/joshuabhorrocks/pen/VwLvZQr?editors=1100
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Gives meaning to your HTML content. Great for accessibility and SEO.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    A markup language for websites. Displays basic text and text features.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    A feature on text for augmenting the final product.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? h1 is used to show the most important info (title of page). Once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes: Input and Select 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <!DOCTYPE html>
    7. What is an id? A unique tag for a specific line of code.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? div, a, etc.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? None.
    10. What is a class? An Id that applies design styles to multiple objects.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? color, margin, font-size, etc.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? Infinite.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?  target="_blank
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? Displays text if object becomes invalid, useful for blind interpretation as well
    15. How do I reference an id? #idName
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? Sections are regular and divide up large chunks of the site, while divs are used in small segments.
    17. What is CSS used for? Styling the HTML of a website.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. type the id and put relevant info inbetween brackets. Example - h2 {color: red;}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. Classes are id's that can be used multiple times. Use an Id to change a single paragraph red. Use a class to change all the text on the page to red.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .className {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? Selects all elements which follow the parent. When you have multiple attributes and only want to affect specific ones.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div > .sidebar {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? A selector that affects items in a particular state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: uppercase/lowercase/capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? * {} 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /*-comment-*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm. No warning and cannot be undone
    34. Why should I use version control? Helps maintain code integrity by comparing and merging changes among multiple coders
    35. How often should I commit to github? Depends on the task, but often is good.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 1st fork the repo, 2nd add TL as collaborator, 3rd clone the link, 4th type in the terminal "git clone -link-", 5th CD into the new repo, 6th create new branch by typing "git checkout -b "firstname-lastname', 7th complete project, 8th commit changes by typing "git add .", followed by "Git commit -m "-descriptive message", 9th type "git push -u origin branch-name", 10th finally, submit a pull request on Github.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
